Hi Fish!
We will cook the "Fish taste pork", is that related to you?
Answer me!
Answer me ! Answer me!
My Daily Cooking Story
Sweet pepper, Carrot, Small Pepper( hot one)
This dish is perfect with Steam Rice.
Salt
One tamato
Pork( Tenderloin）,Shredded
Is this cool?
Salt + Amylum
Chinese Cooking Wine + Black Pepper
Some Sugar
Some Vinegar
A little bit Cooking Wine again
Double the amount of soy sauce
Triple the amount of water, then mix them
Crash the garlic
Pickled Pepper, Shredded carrots, Shredded Sweet Pepper, Chopped small hot pepper & Garlic
Chinese Onion
A few agaric
Stir-fry the pork with a little cooking oil( better be Rapeseed oil）
Until the pork trun white
Stir-fry agaric, Carrot, until they turn soft
Garlic + Green onion
pickled pepper
Put some Pi Xian Spicy thick broad-bean sauce( or other kinds of spicy sauce), stir-fry until you see the red oil come out( Watch out your eyes)
Put the sauce in
Put some starch water
Stir-fry with high temperature until the juice is not too much
If you like, you can get out the skin of the tomato
7 seconds has past. Do you still remember me?
( Rumor says fish only have 7 second memory)
Another 7 seconds, still remember me ?
Go away！
How can I forget your ugly face!
Ugly?
The world is isolated by glasses. Maybe no one understand someone else.
And for you who I don't understand, let me figure you out by stay with you.